Take the next road manager
I'm going back to the shareholders' meeting now.
Through the Jincheng contract?
Hope we can cooperate happily.
Then goodbye
Ahaha
What about you, Mr. Lu? I have seen the unity here.
But penguins are having a hard time.
Why do you still choose me?
Because I told Yahin
We need to invest in more than just products
More people like you
Oh people like me right
Someone like you can pioneer an entire era
Boss Ma, have you ever considered
Why Your Penguins Have Been Unprofitable
This
Very fast user growth
However, the investment is also increasing
I wanted to sell it some time ago.
But it never sold.
Fortunately you didn't sell it.
The entire market value of penguins in the future is simply zero
Estimate, think about it.
You penguins
The number of users is already so large
But you are limited to the field of telecommunications
Why not expand into other fields?
How to expand
Lots of entertainment
Voice Dating
Games, especially games
I really recommend going into gaming
While the game is being played
Users must register through the Penguin account.
And different
Users can also use the Penguin account.
Play together online with strangers
Isn't that better?
Mr. Zhang
Mr. Du, continue to say
I'll make a note here.
Well, there are also upgrades to the penguins.
Add paid membership feature
Each member must have a unique membership logo
And the associated membership benefits
Level acceleration, for example.
Special costumes, etc.
In addition to that
You can also create the user's personal space.
Every user can publish in the space
Photos and videos
And different penguins
Users can also comment on each other
It is also possible to bind special relationships between users
For example, I particularly care about couples, lovers, etc.
Capture the young market
Okay, that's all for now
If there are any other questions in the future
You can come to me anytime.
Mr. Du, you are really a god